ci: update reference docs (#9149)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/configuration-reference.mdx

**Note:** Secret client variables are not supported because there is no safe way to send this data to the client. Therefore, it is not possible to configure both `context: "client"` and `access: "secret"` in your schema.

> For a complete overview, and to give feedback on this experimental API, see the [Astro Env RFC](https://github.com/withastro/roadmap/blob/feat/astro-env-rfc/proposals/0046-astro-env.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete overview, and to give feedback on this experimental API, see the [Astro Env RFC](https://github.com/withastro/roadmap/blob/main/proposals/0049-astro-env.md).
```
